The disk layout is as follows: The 128 blocks are divided into 1 super block and 127 data blocks.
The superblock contains the 128 byte free block list where each byte contains a boolean value
indicating whether that particular block is free or not.
Just after the free block list, in the super block, we have the inode table containing the 16 inodes
themselves. Each inode is 56 bytes in size and contains metadata about the stored files/directories as indicated by the data structure in the accompanying
The paper should not exceed (10) pages in length, inclusive of all sections. The introduction should provide a brief but sufficient foundation for understanding the case,
its key facts and pressing issues. Students should focus their efforts in the body of the paper by providing adequate analysis based on the facts of the case, as opposed to an elaborate description of such facts.
In serial algorithms, one instruction is executed at a time while parallel algorithms are those in which we divide the problem into subproblems and execute them on different processors. If parallel algorithms are distributed on different machines, then they are known as distributed algorithms.
The approach of Dynamic programming is similar to divide and conquer. The difference is that whenever we have recursive function calls with the same result, instead of calling them again we try to store the result in a data structure in the form of a table and retrieve the results from the table. Thus, the overall time complexity is reduced. “Dynamic” means we dynamically decide, whether to call a function or retrieve values from the table. from scratch. However, we also can and do, destroy ecosystems that have existed for millennia. At the core of current climate change conversations is the pursuit of the continued building while avoiding as much destruction as possible. In other words, economic growth and development, carried out in a sustainable manner. Underpinning this thought is the assumption that the magnitude of this destruction needs to radically decrease, instead of completely stopping.

The conventionally held notion is that if one state needs to grow its economy, it must strip bare the area it holds sovereignty over, extracting all possible resources and putting them to economic use. However, a growing body of literature shows otherwise. Economies can continue to grow while ensuring that their role in the destruction of this planet is increasingly reduced. Yet, this still begets the question; who does pay for the damage we are doing to the Earth? 

To answer that, this paper investigates the causal relationship between energy consumption, carbon dioxide emissions, and economic growth. We will be comparing the energy consumption and carbon dioxide emissions of Pakistan (which has a relatively low GDP) to that of more developed countries, determined on the basis that they have a higher GDP. It is true that the more a country uses the Earth’s resources, the higher their carbon emissions, and in turn a larger contribution towards climate change. Hence, this study will give us insight into the correlation (if any) between the GDP of a country and its contribution to climate change.
To bring this to fruition, we will make use of the following variables in our research: CO2 emissions (metric tons per capita), electric power consumption (kWh per capita), GDP per capita (constant 2005 US$) and the GDP per unit of energy use (constant 2005 PPP $ per kg of oil equivalent). Our research will be comparing these variables in Pakistan with several countries part of the European Union, over a period of 20 years. We will be analyzing the economic growth, CO2 emissions, and power consumption of the above-mentioned countries over time and identify any correlations and trends that emerge between these factors in the selected countries.
Previous Research:
Yet before launching into a fully-fledged study of our own, it is vital to review the academic literature already available on the aforementioned area of study. Historically, with the advent of the industrial revolution, emissions have increased as the global economy has developed. More and more people have access to electricity and transport in richer countries, which automatically translates to more energy consumption. Hence, in most cases development has been associated with carbon-intensive industrial activity. Global temperatures have increased significantly in the past half century and extreme weather events, such as cold snaps and heat waves, droughts and floods, as well as natural disasters, are becoming more frequent and severe. These changes in the distribution of weather patterns have impacted not only low-income countries but high-income countries as well.
However, it remains to be analyzed if the impact differs from country to country based on economic stability and GDP. Climate change and climate variability worsen existing poverty, exacerbate inequalities, and trigger both new vulnerabilities and some opportunities. There is robust evidence1 that these hazards act as a threat multiplier for poor people, meaning climate change represents a huge additional barrier to poverty eradication, food security as well as health and well-being of the people in Least Developed Countries (LDC). This is further supported by research from the Department of Economic & Social Affairs2 whereby climate change and inequality are seen as a chicken-and-egg problem. The paper identifies three main channels through which the aggravation of inequality in regards to climate change takes place. Less access to resources means greater exposure to the effects of climate change. The consequence of this exposure is greater susceptibility to damage cause by climate change. Combined, these two factors make it even more difficult for these people and communities to recover from the damage suffered, trapping them in a vicious and inescapable cycle. 
Apergis et al.3 and Zoundi4 stated in their research that renewable energy exploitation was restricted by different conditions and the level of economic growth in low-income countries. The difference in energy structures between the developing and developed countries exist not by choice but because of the differences in the technological and economic conditions. The high cost of the initial stage of renewable energy development is often a demotivating factor for developing economies to invest in renewable production of energy.
Khan et al.5 investigated the association between energy consumption, economic growth, and carbon dioxide emission in Pakistan using Auto-Regressive Distributive Lag (ARDL) bound testing from 1965 to 2015. They found that a 1% increase in consumption of coal for energy use increases the CO2 emissions up to 6.70% in Pakistan. While the coefficient of natural gas indicated that 1% increase in the use of natural gas for energy consumption boosts environmental degradation by 3.05% in Pakistan.
Another study conducted by Rehman et al.6 traces the relationship between GDP per capita, population, energy consumption, and CO2 emissions for Pakistan from the years 2008-2018. By using Grey Relational Analysis (GRA) Models, they were able to establish a connection between increased energy consumption (indicated by the 9.96 million tons of imported oil in 1990 to 13.87 million tons by 2011-12 and rising to 16 million tons by the end of 2015) and the CO2 emissions of the transport sector, the industrial sector, households, and modernization of agriculture. Overall, the study found a strong association between the aforementioned variables, with the strongest link between CO2 emissions and GDP per capita, with the transport sector having the biggest impact on the former.
Shifting our focus towards the European Union (EU), Kasman and Duman7 in their work attempt to investigate the relationship between energy consumption, carbon dioxide emissions, economic growth, trade openness, and urbanization for a panel of new EU member and candidate countries from 1992–2010. The results supported the Environmental Kuznets Curve which means that there was an inverse relationship between income and the environment for the countries studied. It is important to note that most of the countries being studied are major oil importers and thus their trade openness to other countries is directly impacted, with a secondary effect on other factors being studied. Overall, these factors are largely interconnected in both the short and long term, although their relationship to each other changes in both time periods.
Rise in Temperature and GDP:
It has been documented that the global average temperature has risen by 0.0181 degrees Celsius per year over the last half century with a positive country specific trend in 97.1% of the cases. Kahn et al.8 used the data set of 174 countries and conducted a long-term analysis of historical data (from 1960-2014), and found that the per-capita real output growth is adversely affected by persistent changes in temperature above or below its historical norm. Their analysis suggests that a persistent increase in average global temperatures by 0.04C per year, without employing any mitigation policies, reduces world real GDP per capita by more than 7 percent by the year 2100. On the other hand, abiding by the Paris Agreement, and thus limiting the temperature increase to 0.01C per annum, reduces the loss substantially to about 1 percent. These effects vary significantly across countries depending on the pace of temperature increases and variability of climate conditions. 
Notes: Figure 7 shows the staggering predicted % loss of GDP if no mitigation policies are employed and Figure 8 shows the % loss if countries abide by the Paris Agreement. Since both Source: Long-Term Macroeconomic Effects of Climate Change: A Cross-Country Analysis8
Notes: The figure shows percent loss in GDP per capita by 2030, 2050, and 2100 under the RCP 2.6 (Paris Agreement) and RCP 8.5 (no mitigation policies) Scenarios. 
Through long-term analysis, this research8 concludes that contrary to popular belief, the negative long-run growth effects of temperature rise are universal, that is they affect all countries, irrespective of whether they are rich or poor, and hot or cold. This research shows that persistent changes in climate lowers long-term economic growth. They illustrated that while adaptation to climate change could reduce these negative long-run growth effects, it is highly unlikely to offset them entirely. Therefore, these findings call for a more forceful policy response to the threat of climate change, including more ambitious mitigation and adaptation efforts.
Furthermore, they also show through extensive mathematical and statistical models the economic benefits of each signatory of the Paris Accords if they adhere to the goal of limiting the rise of Earth’s temperatures to no more than 2 degree Celsius a year. If followed, then by 2100, the economies of these 139 countries will have gained an approximate US$17,489 billion per year.
Critical review of research article Defining the Anthropocene

Defining the Anthropocene is written by Simon L. Lewis and Mark A. Maslin. The paper was published by the Perspectives journal on March 12, 2015.
Both Simon L. Lewis and Mark A. Muslin are professors and researchers at the UCL department of geography. The two men have been contributing greatly to the field of earth sciences and climate change research which is why their work on this study should be considered reliable.  
This study involves the compilation and careful observation of prior studies; therefore, it is a theoretical study. Theoretical works may find it harder to get as generally and widely accepted as their experimental counterparts. The example of which becomes evident in this paper as well; when authors explore different beliefs associated with the topic of Anthropocene and point out how inconsistent they are with each other. 
It is a controversial yet important debate of today’s time whether it is necessary to formally define the word Anthropocene or not. The authors of this paper are affirmative that we should and they make strong claims in this paper to justify the position they have taken. The main purpose behind writing this paper was to solidify research coming from the emerging Anthropocene specific literature so that a limit can be applied to the number of possible start dates of Anthropocene. I agree with the need to define the period of Anthropocene because by doing so, scientists will be able to identify areas that require further research. 
This paper identifies, that to this date, no formal criteria have been established that should be met by a time period in order to be considered a geological time unit; therefore, scientists have yet not been able to come up with a consensual start date of Anthropocene. The paper discusses in depth the challenges that scientists and researchers face while attempting to come up with the criteria to define a geological time marker. One of those challenges is the lack of knowledge about the prior and corresponding geological markers. And the knowledge that is available suggest that written records about geological epochs of that time were more strongly influenced by theological concerns and were mostly put out by religious thinkers. The fact that the authors review the motivations behind the naming of prior geological markers show that this study is building upon the observations that had taken place previously which I believe, is a very scientific thing to do.
Figure 2 of the paper shows four different graphs that give an analysis of probable start dates of Anthropocene. Looking at this figure, one might wonder whether it was the production of excessive carbon dioxide, extensive farming, mixing of previously separate biotas or nuclear tests that are responsible for the global geological change. These factors are unrelated from each other but by narrowing down the dates to these four major historical events, we can hope of finding a singular answer to when Anthropocene started. 
I think that by developing an adequate sense of when Anthropocene started, we will be able to relate Anthropocene with the timeline of global economic and industrial growth. By doing so, we will be able to highlight social concerns regarding power dynamics between different groups of people, impacts of current reliance on fossil fuels, role of major industries etc. 
This paper is clearly in favor of defining the term strictly and formally. However, there are some scientists who believe otherwise. Some disagree with the whole concept of geological time units and don’t see the need to divide Earth’s timeline. Others have come up with alternative words like “Capitalocene” or “Plantationocene” because these words actually place the responsibility on the factors affecting geological change. While I agree that these are valid arguments, I think defining the word Anthropocene is still very necessary.
Anthropocene literally means the period of Earth’s timeline in which human activities are responsible for global geological change and this is why I think this publication is so important. For the first time in history, humans aren’t just passive observers of geological change rather they have had a role to play. So it isn’t just one factor responsible for causing damage to the planet, it is humanity as a whole which is responsible.



